Will. I can't believe I took your advice
about my TV campaign spot.
Uncle Phil. you really would have
buried Judge Robertson...
if you would have let me put
the Uh-Huh Girls in there with you.
It would have been like.
"Banks is the right one. baby. uh-huh!"
- Here it comes.
- Come. sit down.
Oh. and by the way. Uncle Phil...
I don't remember if I told you or not. but
when I dropped the tape off at the editor...
I just. you know.
authorized a few last minute changes.
Y ou authorized a few... Nobody gave
you permission to authorize any changes.
No. but it's cool. Uncle Phil.
you're going to love it. Here it comes.
Hi. /'m Phi/ip Banks.
and /'m running for Superior Court Judge.
What the hell is that?
That was our New y ear's Eve party.
Uncle Phil. you know.
I just put in a couple of home movies...
you know. to show your human side.
It gets better. check it out.
And if you put me on the bench.
/'// take a rea/ bite out of crime.
Bite.
Vote for Phi/ip Banks.
Phi/ip Banks.
Emmy!
Hey. so what do you think. Uncle Phil?
Dad...
Will would like to know
if he can please come in.
Come on. Daddy.
at least let him sleep in the house.
Come on. Philip. he was only trying
to help. Come on. baby. come on in.
Look. Uncle Phil. I know we didn't exactly
see eye to eye on the commercial...
- but I got a lot of positive feedback.
- Oh. please. from who?
From Latisha.
She said you looked really handsome.
But she also thought Delta Burke
looked better as a blonde.
- Hi. everybody.
- Hey. guys.
Baby. you are positively glowing today.
Thank you.
New moisturizer.
We can't all be
as blessed as you are. Mom.
Trevor. that's so sweet.
But. honey. call me Mrs. Banks.
Home of the Whopper. what's your beef?
Y eah. right. Okay.
Will. who is it?
Some chicken here talking about
she from the Oprah Winfrey Show.
That would be for me. homey.
Alexis.
Y es. so did you speak to Oprah yet?
What. you mean this call's legit?
Will. Trevor knows
lots of very important people.
So. what about Oprah? Is it a deal?
Super.
I owe you big time. babe.
This is Trevor Collins.
goodbye and Godspeed.
What's all this excitement?
What's going on?
I don't know. What's all this excitement?
- We're all going to be on Oprah.
- We're all gonna be on Oprah.
And it's all thanks to Trevor.
Well...
Wait a minute. Trevor.
why should Oprah care anything about us?
Well. actually. Phil. she doesn't.
you're nobody.
But Alexis. the woman who books
the show. is an old friend of Trevor's.
I kind of got the feeling
she had a crush on you.
Well...
Actually. she had
the cutest little nickname for me.
- What was it?
- God.
Anyway. Alexis said
I couldn't have called at a better time.
They're doing a show about
political candidates and their families...
and she said that one of the families
just dropped out.
So they're flying all of us
to Chicago tomorrow morning.
I'm so excited.
I have always wanted to go to Chicago.
Wait. am I going to need a passport?
All right. I got things to do.
I got to get a new fade.
I got to get some new shoestrings
for my Doc Martens. Oh. man.
I'm going to be on Oprah!
Phil. I hate to bust the boy's balloon...
but Alexis said she could
only book the immediate family.
Y ou mean Will can't go?
That's darned unfair.
And I think I speak for everyone
in this room when I say:
"What am I going to wear?"
Philip...
honey. how can we disappoint Will?
He's a part of this family.
No. Vivian. he's a part of your family.
I'm sorry. sweetheart.
but he's damaged my campaign enough.
And the sooner we tell him
he's not coming with us...
the easier it will be on him.
Hey. Mom. guess what.
I'm going to be on Oprah.
And as soon as you tell him. let me know.
Morning.
Philip. honey. how come you're not
dressed? We're leaving in an hour.
Oh. sweetheart. relax.
We have plenty of time.
So how did Will take it when you
finally broke the news to him?
I'm sorry. I couldn't tell him.
Fine. I'll tell him.
How difficult could it possibly be?
So. what do you think?
Have we met?
Come on. Uncle Phil. I just wanted to
fit in with you all when we go on Oprah.
Hey. look. Uncle Phil...
I got to tell you. man.
taking me to Chicago with you...
that really means a lot to me.
Y eah. you know. Will. there...
And it ain't just because
I promised Latisha...
I was going to scream her name out on TV.
It's because. you know. you really
make me feel like part of your family.
Thanks a lot. Uncle Phil.
I guess I'll just go out in the car...
and wait quietly in the back seat.
- Well. that's telling him. Philip.
- All right. look...
he can go to Chicago with us
and watch the show...
- but we have to tell him on the plane.
- Okay.
- Excuse me. sir. are you Will Smith?
- Y es. stewardess.
Y our family asked me to speak to you.
Wow. I'm sorry for staring. but...
man. girl. you real fine.
Y ou know. I was a little nervous
about flying. but...
as long as I can look at you.
I know I'll be all right.
I'm sorry.
what was you going to say to me?
Can I fluff your pillow?
Wow. Look at this.
Vivian. this is absurd.
We're going to be on the air in 10 minutes.
We have got to tell Will now.
Oprah Winfrey's studio.
Hey. come on you all. let's get a picture.
Uncle Phil. I'll get you in one later.
Look. Oprah's chair.
I'm gonna send this to my mom.
Honey. couldn't we just put him to sleep?
Y ou must be the Banks family.
Hi. I'm Alexis.
Hi. I'm glad you could make it
on such short notice.
- Well. thank you for having us.
- Sure.
Listen. just make yourselves at home
and I'll be right back.
- Y ou have beautiful hair.
- I know.
So. that's Trevor's old girlfriend. huh?
Y eah. wonder what he ever saw in her.
Okay. everybody remember.
Dad's got an image to uphold here.
So let's conduct ourselves with dignity.
Look. Mommy. Daddy. look!
Y ou...
y ou're Oprah Winfrey.
- I am and that means you must be...
- Ashley.
It's nice to meet you.
- We're the Banks.
- Hey. great. you made it.
- Welcome to Chicago.
- Thank you. this is a real pleasure.
I'm Philip Banks.
This is Hilary. Carlton. Ashley...
and...
- Vivian!
- Y es.
Hi. I'm a very big fan.
Y ou sure are. It's my pleasure.
Oprah. I always love your clothes.
And that's such a gorgeous suit.
Well. I tell you what. if you really
like it. I will send you one in your size.
Wow! I always heard
that you were generous. but...
Oh. my God. I can't believe this.
Me neither.
Gee. Oprah.
I really like that diamond bracelet.
Nice try.
Hey. I tell you what. I'll see you
guys on the show.
- Okay? See you on TV. Have a good show.
- Thank you.
Hey. that's it.
That's the theme music.
Come on. it's time to go. posse up.
Come on.
Come on. guys. it's time to go.
- Philip.
- All right.
It's time to stop beating around the bush.
Okay. everybody who's going to be on
the Oprah Show. take one step forward.
Not so fast. Will.
Y ou know. all families
have their problems. but...
how would you like to have
your family's dirty laundry...
seen in tomorrow's newspaper?
Well. that's an everyday experience
for most political families.
Please help me welcome my guests today.
Sen. Howard Lloyd...
his wife Pamela and their daughter. Lydia.
And Superior Court hopeful. Philip Banks...
his wife. Vivian. and their children.
Hilary. Carlton. and Ashley.
So. Sen. Lloyd. my first question is to you.
Now you've been a member of
the Senate for quite some time.
Tell me I can't be on Oprah.
Hey. brother. you mind sliding inside...
my legs are kind of long.
I'd like to sit here.
Oh. excuse me.
Philip Banks. you were a successful
attorney with your own private practice...
in Beverly Hills.
And now. you're running for
Superior Court Judge.
We all know that's quite a career change.
What do you hope to get out of it?
I hope to make some changes
in the judicial system and. well...
I've always wanted my own gavel.
Oprah. I have a question.
We're not ready for that portion of
the show just yet. but. Mrs. Banks...
- answer me this if you will.
- I'm Will. Oprah. I can answer it.
- Come here.
- Come? Me come?
Come here. Come on.
Okay. see. this is it.
I'm the one with the microphone.
And you can't answer a question
until I ask the question.
Y ou understand how it works?
Y ou ask then I answer. It works like...
Good. Now sit down.
Sit down.
My God. Vivian. is that Will?
No. Philip. it's Richard Nixon
wearing a Will mask.
No. Mom. I think that really is Will.
So. Lydia. you've spent most of your life
on Capitol Hill.
- Did that have any...
- Oh. Oprah.
Y oung brother...
what do you want?
I was just wondering.
is it the question portion yet?
- Do you have a question?
- Y es.
Okay. what is your question?
I have a question for Sen. Lloyd.
Senator. let's say that. you know. you had
a young urban handsome nephew.
Would you let him come on
the Oprah Winfrey Show with you?
Well. I sure would. son.
And let me say. I love your Leslie Uggams.
Thanks.
- My next question is for Mr. Banks.
- Two questions?
Y eah. Mr. Banks...
would you let your nephew come on
the Oprah Winfrey Show...
or would you make him fly all the way
to Chicago for nothing...
to sit out in the audience.
to be embarrassed in front of his girl.
Hi. Latisha. Huh?
And after I got out of Betty Ford...
I started a new life
with the Maharishi Anaghanda.
Y ou are so brave.
I mean.
wearing red shoes with a pink dress.
I have a question for Mr. Banks.
Has being in politics ruined your sex life?
No. mine's great. how's yours. honey?
Oprah. I have a question.
Will. I missed you. Okay.
My question is for Mrs. Banks.
Mrs. Banks. let's say that
your oldest sister. who sacrificed...
her whole life to raise you.
sent her only son...
out to live with you and you promised to
treat him like your own.
And just for the sake of argument.
let's call him Will.
Would you bring him
on the Oprah Winfrey Show with you...
or would you make him sit in the audience
like you're ashamed of him?
We're not ashamed of you. It's just...
Sit down. shut up. and behave yourself.
Okay. let me take
a wild stab in the dark here.
Y ou all are related?
Y es. Oprah.
See. it's all coming out. it's all coming out.
Anybody got a tissue. anybody?
Thank you. Y es.
Here. you poor sweetheart. Blow.
Y ou poor baby.
I mean. I think this is terrible. This is...
y ou should go up there and be
with your family. where you belong.
Don't you think so. audience?
Go on up there and be with your family.
where you belong.
Move. Ashley. move.
Thank you. Oprah.
Y ou know. Oprah. there's a perfectly
logical explanation for...
y es. yes.
Oprah. this guy
can't even run his own home.
Why should he be elected to office?
Excuse me. miss. but my husband
would make an excellent judge.
He is a wonderful husband
and a devoted father.
Well. Vivian. I must say that.
yes. you're right.
This looks like it's a very lovely family.
but I've been doing shows a long time.
And one of the things I've learned
is things are not always as they seem.
Oprah. believe me. my dad is a great guy.
I mean. when I lost my job
and he kicked me out of the house...
he let me live out back.
He kicked you out of the house?
Well. he didn't actually
kick her out of the house.
He just changed all the locks
and told her she didn't live there anymore.
Mr. Banks. is that true?
Well. I didn't change all the locks. and...
and she's not living out back.
she's living in the pool house.
Well. with the big pay cut you'll have to
take. we'll all be living in the pool house.
Look. you can forget it. There's hardly
enough room for Trevor and I. as it is.
What is Trevor doing in the pool house?
Y es. Hilary.
what is Trevor doing in the pool house?
Y eah. this is good now. this is good.
I feel like we...
I think we're getting somewhere.
Listen to me.
Hilary. you are not to have men
in the pool house.
Look. I don't like to tell tales out of school.
but Trevor keeps a make-up case there.
- That's a lie.
- Is not.
Stand on a chair and say that to my face.
Y ou have both lost your American Express
cards. Do you want to work on your Visa?
These candidates before you say
they want to be elected to public office...
but it seems like...
they can't even keep the peace
in their own families.
Mr. Banks. what do you have to say
on your family's behalf?
Well. Oprah...
What's the point?
- Look. Oprah. I have something to say.
- What a surprise.
Now. look. my uncle brought me out
from Philadelphia to live with him...
so I could get a head start in life.
And. now. we have some problems.
but what family doesn't?
All I know is when I need these people.
they are right there for me.
That's nice of you to say. Will.
Well. if you ask me
your whole damn family is crazy.
All right. see brother. if we was in Philly.
it might have to be something.
But we on TV
and I believe Martin's philosophy...
non-violence. so I'm going to chill.
I'm going to chill.
And if your mama sent you
out here to live with them...
then she's crazy. too.
Hey. man. don't nobody talk about
my mother. man.
We'll be right back.
Hey. Ms. Winfrey.
Will. I'll tell you what...
you know. after all we've been through.
you can call me Oprah.
Y ou got it. Ope...
Oprah.
Y ou know. your initials. O. W?
Did anybody ever tell you
that spells "ow"?
I knew that.
Look. Oprah...
I hope
I didn't mess your show up too much.
And I'm really sorry for the way I acted.
Listen. don't you apologize. because
I'm thinking it was a great experience.
- Really?
- Absolutely.
As a matter of fact. here...
What's this?
Two free tickets to the Donahue Show.
Tell Phil Oprah said. "Hi."
She likes me.
On the nationa/ po/itica/ scene...
Come on. we've heard enough.
turn the TV down. Come on. Will.
I'm sorry. Aunt Viv.
Will. you're smiling like Dad does
when he finishes...
the Happy Birthday bucket
at Baskin-Robbins.
Man. you scream your girl's name out
on TV. you'd be smiling. too.
- Look. Dad. the poll results are up next.
- Oh. goody.
Come on. Daddy. I bet being on Oprah
really helped you in the polls.
I'm not worried.
Y ou know.
I was going about this all wrong.
I was trying to come across as the perfect
candidate with the perfect family.
Voters want a candidate
that's human. flawed.
And in /oca/ po/itics...
Phi/ip Banks has p/ummeted
another 8 points in the po//s.
Oh. come on. honey. don't worry.
Y ou're going to win.
Uncle Phil. you're going to win.
And you know why?
'Cause you're a decent man.
I mean. you brought a kid out
from West Philly...
and you made him feel at home
in your house.
I mean. there is no way that
Judge Robertson can compete with that.
And in a re/ated story.
Judge Car/ Robertson...
announced today that he is adopting
12 ghetto youths.
Oh. well.
Y ou have both lost your...
y ou have both lost your American...
y ou have both...
- Oh. God!
- Y ou have just made the blooper reel.